MTM-58813 Provide more details about inventory roles required for acking/clearing alarms (#3766)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/device-management-application/monitoring-and-controlling-devices-bundle/working-with-alarms.md

To change the status of an alarm, select the alarm and choose the desired status.
![Alarms status change button](/images/users-guide/DeviceManagement/devmgmt-alarms-status-change-btn.png)
It is also possible to change the status of all alarms to "clear" at once. Click **Clear all** in the top menu bar, to clear all alarms of the selected severities.

> ### Alarm Permissions and Inventory Roles

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Alarm permissions and inventory roles {#alarm-permissions-and-inventory-roles}
```

When assigning permissions to inventory roles with a **non-asterisk** value, keep the following in mind:

> - These roles apply **only to custom fragments** of alarms (i.e. user-defined fields).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- These roles **only apply to custom fragments** of alarms (that is, user-defined fields).
```

> - It is **not possible** to specify or control access to **standard alarm schema fields**, such as `status` or `severity`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- It is **not possible** to specify or control access to **standard alarm schema fields**, such as `status` or `severity`.
```

> Because of this limitation, users with such roles can update only the specified custom fragments. Any attempt to modify standard fields will result in a `security/Forbidden` error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Because of this limitation, users with such roles can only update the specified custom fragments. Any attempt to modify standard fields will result in a "Security/Forbidden" error.
```

> #### Acknowledging Alarms

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Acknowledging alarms {#acknowledging-alarms}
```

> Acknowledging or clearing an alarm updates the `status` field, which is part of the standard schema. Therefore, the only way to allow users to perform these actions is to assign an inventory role with an **asterisk (`*`) type**, which grants access to all fields, including those in the standard schema.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Acknowledging or clearing an alarm updates the `status` field, which is part of the standard schema. Therefore, the only way to allow users to perform these actions is to assign an inventory role with an asterisk (`*`) type, which grants access to all fields, including those in the standard schema.
```
